h1. Tabulatr Demo

This rails app is merely a demo for the <a href="https://github.com/provideal/tabulatr" target="_blank">Tabulatr</a> gem by Peter Horn and Ren&eacute; Sprotte of <a href="http://metaminded.com" target="_blank">metaminded</a> and <a href="http://provideal.net" target="_blank">provideal</a>.

h2. What's in here?

* Examples mainly on the formatting options are in <tt>app/views/products/index_formatting</tt>.
* in <tt>app/views/products/index_fancy</tt> you'll find an bells-and-whistles example.

Some of the more _boring_ views are direct copies of the <tt>spec/dummy_app</tt> in tabulatr itself.

h3. Data used

We suppose we have a couple of models
* tags has and belong to many products
* vendors have many products
* products belong to vendors and have and belong to many tags

All this is set up if you run

<pre>
$ rake db:migrate
(in /.../tabulatr-demo)
==  CreateVendors: migrating ==================================================
...

$ rake db:seed
(in /.../tabulatr-demo)
Creating vendor 0
Creating vendor 1
...

$ rails s
=> Booting WEBrick
=> Rails 3.0.5 application starting in development on http://0.0.0.0:3000
...
</pre>

You're then ready to watch the app at <a href="http://127.0.0.1:3000" target="_blank">http://127.0.0.1:3000</a>. There's a *lot* of lorem ipsum going on inside ;)


h2. License

Copyright (c) 2010-2011 Peter Horn, <a href="http://www.provideal.net" target="_blank">Provideal GmbH</a>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
